She managed to lose weight so quickly
in such a short time
Maybe she stopped
taking the medication you gave her long ago
She might already be suspicious of you
How did she lose the weight?
Hello, doctor
someone who's been on hormones for a long time
and suddenly loses weight quickly
what could be the reason?
Long-term use can lead to resistance
Just increase the dosage below the fatal level
Thank you
Jian Dao,
I wanted you to
die slowly in shame and pain
to suffer endlessly
Then I would take control of Jian An Estate
But you were too resilient
No other way, don't blame me
Triple the dosage
Wife
don't stop the medication
It's time to take it today
Thank you, husband
What's wrong?
The medicine is so bitter
Rest early
Zhang Wen Xu
Increasing the dosage
What are you trying to do?
Wife
Are you asleep?